ishamaumoon
The Great Gatsby, F. Scott Fitzgerald, Fiction, 1925, A classic novel about the American dream.
To Kill a Mockingbird, Harper Lee, Fiction, 1960, A novel about racial injustice in the Deep South.
Pride and Prejudice, Jane Austen, Romance, 1813, A story about love and social standing in early 19th century England.
The Catcher in the Rye, J.D. Salinger, Fiction, 1951, A story about teenage rebellion and alienation.

emyismalika
1984, George Orwell, Dystopian, 1949, A novel about totalitarianism and surveillance.
Brave New World, Aldous Huxley, Dystopian, 1932, A novel about a future society driven by technology and consumerism.
Fahrenheit 451, Ray Bradbury, Dystopian, 1953, A novel about a future where books are banned and "firemen" burn any that are found.
The Handmaid's Tale, Margaret Atwood, Dystopian, 1985, A novel about a totalitarian society that treats women as property.

ahlambebe
The Catcher in the Rye, J.D. Salinger, Fiction, 1951, A story about teenage rebellion and alienation.
Moby Dick, Herman Melville, Fiction, 1851, A novel about obsession and revenge against a giant whale.
The Hobbit, J.R.R. Tolkien, Fantasy, 1937, A fantasy novel about the adventures of a hobbit named Bilbo Baggins.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, J.K. Rowling, Fantasy, 1997, The first book in the Harry Potter series about a young wizard's journey.

syazanahuhu
The Alchemist, Paulo Coelho, Adventure, 1988, A novel about a shepherd's journey to discover his personal legend.
The Fault in Our Stars, John Green, Young Adult, 2012, A poignant story about two teenagers who meet in a cancer support group.
The Girl on the Train, Paula Hawkins, Thriller, 2015, A psychological thriller about a woman who becomes entangled in a missing person's investigation.

esahmeowmeow
Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind, Yuval Noah Harari, Non-Fiction, 2011, A thought-provoking exploration of the history of our species.
Educated, Tara Westover, Memoir, 2018, A memoir about a woman who grows up in a strict and abusive household in rural Idaho but eventually escapes to learn about the wider world.
Becoming, Michelle Obama, Memoir, 2018, The former First Lady's memoir about her life, values, and experiences.

najlaaslay
The Silent Patient, Alex Michaelides, Thriller, 2019, A psychological thriller about a woman's act of violence against her husband and the therapist obsessed with uncovering her motive.
Circe, Madeline Miller, Fantasy, 2018, A retelling of the life of Circe, the daughter of Helios, and her journey of self-discovery.
Where the Crawdads Sing, Delia Owens, Fiction, 2018, A coming-of-age story set in the marshes of North Carolina.

haikalbahrin
The Road, Cormac McCarthy, Post-Apocalyptic, 2006, A harrowing tale of a father and son's journey through a post-apocalyptic landscape.
The Night Circus, Erin Morgenstern, Fantasy, 2011, A novel about a magical competition between two young illusionists.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks, Rebecca Skloot, Non-Fiction, 2010, The story of Henrietta Lacks and the immortal cell line that came from her cancer cells.

hannahsofia
Little Fires Everywhere, Celeste Ng, Fiction, 2017, A novel about the intertwined lives of a suburban family and a single mother.
The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo, Taylor Jenkins Reid, Historical Fiction, 2017, A fictional biography of a reclusive Hollywood icon and her glamorous yet tumultuous life.
Anxious People, Fredrik Backman, Fiction, 2020, A poignant story about a failed bank robber who takes a group of strangers hostage during an open house.
